feat: initial setup (#1)
holochain/nomad-server: README.md

# nomad-server
A Pulumi definition for deploying a cluster of Nomad servers as DigitalOcean droplets.

## Development

### Installation

First, make sure that you are in the Nix development shell or that you have
installed `pulumi`, `pulumi-language-go`, and `go`.

Then, log into Pulumi with:
```sh
pulumi login
```

Next, set the default organisation to `holochain` with:
```sh
pulumi org set-default holochain
```

> Finally, select the Pulumi stack that you want to use, for this repo it is `nomad-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, select the Pulumi stack that you want to use. For this repo it is `nomad-server`.
```

```sh
pulumi stack select nomad-server
```

### Making changes

Use the Pulumi DigitalOcean provider to create and manage droplets on DigitalOcean.
The provider documentation can be found at <https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/digitalocean>
with the most important function being
[digitalocean.Droplet](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/digitalocean/api-docs/droplet)
which allows the creation and management of droplets.

Then preview the changes with:
```sh
pulumi preview
```

### Applying changes

Simply open a PR to see the preview of the changes in the CI. Then, once the PR
is reviewed and merged into the `main` branch, a new workflow will push the
changes to Pulumi.

> ## Chaning the DigitalOcean token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing the DigitalOcean token
```

Pulumi requires a Personal Access Token (PAT) for DigitalOcean to make calls to the API.

> Currently the PAT is linked to the `cdunster` DigitalOcean user account. To
> change the token, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the PAT of your user account, run the following command:
```

Author: This is the DigitalOcean token that Pulumi will always use, the one that we share and is used in CI etc. I feel like your suggestion makes it seem like each person has their own PAT configured. At some point, we should probably give one of the `holochain_release_automation` bot accounts access to DO and change this token to that.

Reviewer: Okay. I get you now. So we're all going to use your PAT for the time being. Then it might not be necessary to mention how to change the token. But fine, just leave it as is.

Author: Yeah, using my account isn't ideal. I would like to use the `holochain-release-automation2` account that we use elsewhere but I don't know if that has access to DigitalOcean as I can't even view other team members let alone add them.

Reviewer 2: Follow up ticket for this? We can discuss with @zippy getting access for HRA2

Author: Done, see: #2
